In addition to the standard labs based on the CyberAce modules, there is a folder called ChristmasCheerLaser.  This is a set of lessons based on the Christmas Cheer Laser challenge in the 2019 Holiday Hack Challenge (https://holidayhackchallenge.com/2019/)  The challenge uses the Holiday Hack 2019 site, which is currently supported by CounterHack.com, and will be for quite some time.  The folder contains 10 short documents that lead the student though this medium-level PowerShell challenge.  Each document gives the student the basics they need to progress through that stage of the challenge, and then asks questions that require the students to solve that stage.  The next document begins with the answers to the previous stage, and then moves on to the next part of the challenge.  You can give all the documents to the students at once, and trust that they will honestly attempt to answer the questions in one document before reading the solutions in the next document.  Or, you can hand the documents out one at a time and make the students show you they made at least some progress on their own before you give them the next document.

This challenge uses real world problems for PowerShell practice.  Last year my students enjoyed it and said they learned a lot.

The answers to all the Holiday Hack Challenges are available on the web for anyone with basic Google skills.  Therefore this probably should not be used as an exam.  It is a fun and challenging PowerShell capstone exercise, though.