#### Cryptography Modules
These modules are not part of CyberAces.  I created them after reading Christof Paar's book, "Understanding Cryptography."  It covers the mathematics behind current cryptography in accessible terms.  I enjoy math, but I never had a knack for "abstract algebra", as it was called when I was in college.  This book stretched me somewhat but helped me to understand cryptography better and enjoy it more.
## Goals
Most certification exam preparation material that covers cryptography seems to be giant vocabulary lessons, at least to me.  I find them boring, and they do not help me understand why cryptography works in the first place.  Therefore, my primary goal was to cover a little of the math behind cryptography in a way that high school and beginning college students can understand.
Homework 3 and homework 5 use the Python pycryptodome modules to lead the students through coding actual AES, and then RSA key exchange followed by an AES session.  These are the hardest labs I've written.  They are my attempt to show students what real encryption code looks like, which is my second goal.
## Recent update
I teach these modules at a Community College (CC), and at a magnet High School for advanced STEM students.  The CC students generally do not like math and the High School students are taking Calculus or some version of advanced Calculus.  I found the CC students did not enjoy my full crypto course so I shortened it and removed or simplified as much math as I could, and called it the 'short' course.  I combined DHKE and ECDH into one lesson, and plan to do the same for hashes/signatures and TLS.  The first half of my CC one-semester class is spent on National Cyber League (NCL) and Linux.  The students get a solid exposure to hashes in NCL.
## CTF notes
Many Capture the Flag (CTF) contents include a "Crypto" section.  However, they are almost entirely classical cipher problems and do not touch on modern cryptography.  If you want to tackle real crypto in a CTF, I highly recommend CRYPTOHACK https://cryptohack.org.  I can't claim to be a crypto guru (I have 2000 points out of 6860 possible on the site) but I enjoyed and learned a lot from the challenges I was able to solve.
## Errors, comments, and questions
I'm sure that there are errors in these lessons.  If you find any, or just want to talk or ask questions, include me (@JohnYork_r2) in a tweet.
